org/example/services/CategoryService.java
 org.example.services.CategoryService
org/example/controller/BookController.java
 org.example.controller.BookController
org/example/services/CategoryServiceImpl.java
 org.example.services.CategoryServiceImpl
org/example/services/BookServiceImpl.java
 org.example.services.BookServiceImpl
org/example/entity/AuthorityPK.java
 org.example.entity.AuthorityPK
org/example/dao/CategoryDao.java
 org.example.dao.CategoryDao
org/example/services/UserServiceImpl.java
 org.example.services.UserServiceImpl
org/example/entity/Authority.java
 org.example.entity.Authority
org/example/entity/Category.java
 org.example.entity.Category
org/example/entity/User.java
 org.example.entity.User
org/example/services/BookService.java
 org.example.services.BookService
org/example/dao/BookDaoImpl.java
 org.example.dao.BookDaoImpl
org/example/services/UserService.java
 org.example.services.UserService
org/example/dao/UserDaoImpl.java
 org.example.dao.UserDaoImpl
org/example/dao/AuthorDao.java
 org.example.dao.AuthorDao
org/example/dao/BookDao.java
 org.example.dao.BookDao
org/example/controller/HomeController.java
 org.example.controller.HomeController
org/example/controller/AuthorController.java
 org.example.controller.AuthorController
org/example/services/AuthorService.java
 org.example.services.AuthorService
org/example/dao/UserDao.java
 org.example.dao.UserDao
org/example/controller/CategoryController.java
 org.example.controller.CategoryController
org/example/dao/AuthorDaoImpl.java
 org.example.dao.AuthorDaoImpl
org/example/dao/CategoryDaoImpl.java
 org.example.dao.CategoryDaoImpl
org/example/services/AuthorServiceImpl.java
 org.example.services.AuthorServiceImpl
org/example/controller/RegistrationController.java
 org.example.controller.RegistrationController
org/example/entity/Author.java
 org.example.entity.Author
org/example/entity/Book.java
 org.example.entity.Book
